1. Create an array list of Students (with fields such as name, USN, Dept, section,
CGPA). Search for the students with CGPA &gt;8.5. Print the student details
belonging to ‘ISE’ department. Print students belonging to ‘C’ section. Use Iterator
to iterate through the list.
2. Write a Program that simulates a telephone that records missed incoming calls in
lists. Maintain the phone callers list in hashmap . For each missed call ,
telephone number of origin, and name of the caller if the name is available. For
unlisted numbers, set the name to “private caller”. Missed calls have to be
maintained in the order they arrive. User goes through the missed call list and can
decide to delete the call or display the call details.
Additional: Display all the phone numbers from the callers list whose name
start from “A”.
3. Write a Java program using user-defined storage classes to create a book database
and store it into a List. Each entry in the list should include title, author, publisher and
price of the book. Sort the books in ascending order of price and print them. Maintain
the book details with respect to a unique book id. Prompt for an author name and list all
the books with the same author’s name. Create a new list holding all the book details
with price greater than a user specified price.
Additional: Create a front-end using swings to accept book details
4. Create a desktop java application using swings to enable a user to enter student
information such as name, usn, age, address, sgpa of 4 semesters, category. Perform
validations on age(>18 and <=30) and sgpa(range 0 to 10). Display appropriate
messages in pop up boxes to indicate wrong entries, on clicking of the “compute”
button. Also find the cgpa based on the obtained sgpa. On clicking of the “done”
button, place the student details in a hashmap with unique student id as key and
student information as value. A click on the “display” button should display the
collection in a textarea in a separate frame.
5. Write a java program to create a collection of customer details. Use swings to allow
the user to enter the customer mobile number. If the person exists in the collection
extract the customer id from the collection else add the customer details entered through
the swing components. Once done, further allow the user to enter the item purchased by
giving the item id and quantity purchased. On clicking of a button, the item name and
the total cost should appear information Dialog box. Prompt for any discount and
update the total cost.
6. Write java program using swings to create a front end for entering employee
data such as employee name, employee age, employee payscale(select from a list) ,
number of family members, address, gender (male, female). On the click of the
button, display a message dialog box holding employer data.
If the age entered in greater than 22 and less than 60 , then only the data is valid. If
invalid, pop up an input dialog box to prompt the user to enter age data in the
range.
7. Write Java program to create a front end using swings to. Accept login details
such as login id , name and password. On the click of the submit button add this to
a database.
8. Write a program that uses Java Swing and JDBC to create a stand-alone application:
Create two tables namely, Representative (RepNo, RepName, State, Comission, Rate)
and Customer (CustNo, CustName, State, Credit_Limit, RepNo) in MySQL database.
Use appropriate Swing components to insert values in a form.
Display in frame those customers and representatives belonging to a particular
state.
9. Write a Java program using user-defined storage classes to create a book database and
store it into a collection. Each entry in the list should include title, author, publisher and
price of the book. Maintain the book details with respect to a unique book id. For a given
a value by the user, find all the books that match either the whole or a part of the book
title. Identify a publisher and print books from a particular publisher. Update the
publisher details based on a title. For collections use hashmaps.
10. Write a program that uses Java Swing and JDBC to create a stand-alone application:
Create two tables namely, Patient and Medicine in MySQL database.
Use appropriate Swing components to insert values in a form for patient and medicine.
List the patient details taking a particular type of medicine and the type of
treatment.
11. Create a Servlet to accepts personal information, salary information and Tax
deduction details from the user and write the information into a collection. On clicking
‘submit’ button, copy the contents of the collection to the file.
12. Create a jsp page that accepts patient information in a hospital such as patient id,
patient name, and age, date of admission, cause of admission, doctor diagnosed, and
treatment proposed. Using servlet ,place the details into a database. Allow options to
insert, update, and view and delete the contents in the database.
13. Write a JSP Program to do the following to buy a T-Shirt online:
a) A set of checkboxes to select your T-Shirt accessories such as ‘belt’, ‘cap’,
‘hair-band’ etc.
b) A text area / text field to enter your T-Shirt tag-line.
c) A Radio-button that allows the user to choose between T-Shirt with chest pocket
and without. A Combo Box to choose your T-Shirt color,
d) A Button called “Click Me”
e) Insert the details entered into a table called ‘TShirts’.
f) An OrderNo is generated by adding ‘1’ to the existing ‘OrderNo’. If ‘TShirts’
table is empty, the initial value of ‘OrderNo’ is 100. This ‘OrderNo’ is also
inserted into the ‘TShirts’ table
g) Display all the records of the ‘TShirts’ table in tabular form.
